Refactor `Pauli` and related modules (#228)
TeamGraphix/graphix: docs/source/data.rst

.. autoclass:: MeasureUpdate

:mod:`graphix.fundamentals` module
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> This module defines fundamental components of quantum computing.

Reviewer: too much generalization I think.

Author: Actually "measurement planes and their transformations" part was moved to other files.

How about this?

```suggestion
This module defines standard data structure for Pauli operators.
```

Reviewer: thanks, yes looks good.
